hey guys um I just wanted to show you a
quick way or the quick way that I do my
nails when I paint them um I talked
about a technique that i got from tiff
makeup by tiffany if i'm not mistaken
Tiffany D if not if I if I said it
correctly i will look it up after my
after I make this video and I will put
it in the description bar below but if
y'all watch if y'all have or haven't no
sugar watch my walmart haul video that i
did and i explained the items that I guy
those are the items that I use when I do
my nail polish and I've done this
several times and it helps me so much
from my nails chipping and it takes them
longer take warm and of course a chip no
matter what but it takes them longer
than a couple of days that your nail
polish glasses takes a lot much longer
epidemic chip or to start chipping so
i'm going to show you all the techniques
that will first i'll show you the items
i'm going to use and step-by-step I'll
show y'all how I do my nails so first
the items that I use our mail file it
depends on if you have long nails or not
I have long nails buble and grow out so
I file my nails down to the size that I
desire y'all can do the same so I know
that I know them I file them first
that's step number one then you you can
buy one of these at walmart and it is
there's four side and down we follow you
you file your shape you smooth and you
shine it's three four things I do this
I'm after I follow them i do this then
after that you can get a cuticle cutter
lying is a generic one it's from trim
from walmart they'll watch my video i
explain about this so then after I buffa
with the cube I take off my cuticles I
take off the
it's a excess skin this we're now scroll
out so I cut that off then that's it
those are the three things that I do and
of course before you do all of this you
take off your nut polish so I am this is
an apology right now it's a gray I'm
going to take off my nail polish with I
just use a generic ill country I'll
polish remover so I'm going to take off
my nail polish and then I will be back
to show y'all what ideas hey guys I'll
excuse the intro to this video I know I
ice shot that um on Thursday night
before I left to corpus um it just came
back and I'm gonna finish the video so
sorry that I did it in two different
days but I'm still going to go over the
same stuff that I said an intro I took
off all my nail polish that day I just
put a clear coat but right now I just
took up the clear coat because I'm going
to pay him a different color I'm going
to paint them this yellow color by la la
colors it's a really bright yellow so
I'm gonna painted that color um I just
took up on my nail polish like I said
and what I'm what I do next after I took
off my nail polishes is I buff it out
with the cube or rectangle whatever it
is and I start on one I go throughout I
take taking about a minute not even
probably less per 30 seconds for each
favor so I already did all nine except
my thumb because I wanted to do it with
y'all so if and see what it looks like
um I get number one and I just it's a
number one is evening it out so what I
just do is just go along it well I'm
pretty much when I do this i'm using
watching TV or watching videos or doing
something because if you don't do
anything if you're basically really
boring so i just go a long way now and I
just even it out then I I switch on to
slide 2 and that is smoothing the nail
it doesn't really take that long see how
fast it took it
by the time we know you're done it
doesn't take that off this smoothes out
okay that's it then number three is a
buffing out the nail so much my buff it
should show job what it looked like
before so let's roll dull you know after
you take off your nut ball this year
you'll see when I show you after I do
this it looks completely different you
can okay and number slops side number
four is shining them out so after you
buff it you shine it so look likely
pretty and after you do this it takes
off all the oils off of your nose so
when you paint your nails they last
longer then what if you didn't do this
okay so that is what it looks like i
know i have like white dust all over
because it's from the thingy but you see
how shiny it is super shiny all right
now after that i'm going to take my
cuticle cutter and what I didn't use the
same now what I do is I push back all
the skin
I push back all the skin and I take this
and just like that I go along along it
and just cut off all the dead skin start
on my computer drop all the dead skin
and you do that to every now so that you
don't have any more of that dead skin
okay oh that's how I did it to look
exactly like that no deaths can now I'm
going to do the rest of my fingers and
i'll be back to i'll be back with pink
nails okay this is the final result of
my painted nails yellow sorry about the
color around my nose I did it really
fast on my left hand I have a lot of it
because I'm right-handed so when I paint
my left hand it's I really made myself a
lot might write my right hands not that
bad cuz you know I true really good at
it but um yeah that's my final result
that's what it looks like and losses me
when I do not do this no polish must me
about two or three days in the search
shipping when I do this and losses me a
whole week and if it doesn't mask me a
whole week and if it doesn't last me a
whole seven days I'll ask me about five
or six days so almost all week so um i
would like to be able to try it if you
want to try it you can see how good this
technique does really does work don't
forget to check out my ward hall I list
all the items and the prices um and i
did get them from walmart if you'll have
any other two techniques i can try or if
y'all have heard of this technique to
hide mr. before let me know what your
experience was and i think that's pretty
much it so i hope you enjoyed this this
is just my little technique that i put
together in a hazard of work for me so i
hope it works for y'all and i will see
on my next video bye